hey guys what's up his knees up one's
here and today I got a review on cash a
mouse I'm sorry for not uploading the
videos for two days I was actually
having a cold ruback co and i'm just
still recovering so we're sorry so today
I'm going to add review on catch a mouse
I'm not sure how much is telling for
because apparently I have not unplaced
in programs I'm every willful boss and I
think it's pretty apster because yeah
then it's free so guys up make sure to
check out this game it's a really really
awesome brain camp game so if you like
games to actually have to use your
brains a lot so this is definitely for
you so here's the main menu of catch a
mouse I can go to help research here
please shrimp on the yellow patches in
such a wave in the mouth cannot skip to
the hopes so famous my mouth have a shot
good luck so you get a website right
there you get options Christian can
offer sound so if you want to hear
ourselves what not you can't off the
sound and just I'll carry on with the
song you're hearing and you got your
mode which is an easy medium hard extra
so right now I'm gonna strip trying to
grow too easy so that you guys can see
how it's like in real easy mode so
here's a mamey let's go to New so here
I'm right now I mean laboratory I did it
until Emma trees over here it says easy
and here you can go to the menu so what
is supposed to do today the mean I jab
tip of it is try to trap the mouse
without it going to the hole so you just
basically put on traps tap on the trap
and basically trapped month I've never
had it once you trev them out it would
not be able to go to the hole and dad
you can go to the next level so once
again an example you get more and more
difficult alright so every time you put
a trap on the I don't know why cause the
yellow stuff the mouse will move once
all right and then
and then this laughing song como it's
really weird been hearing so let me try
to tap right now I have it so every time
you try to you trap the mouse to go to
the next level and once you go to next
next level you go to medium and hard and
extra so this is definitely worth it if
it's free all right so go get this app
now it's really very interesting
something strong my white balance it's
simply blue we're sorry so let me just
try harder to check them out yeah so
does about it guys the main objective of
this game it's just to trap the mouse
and go to the next level going to next
level and stuff so it will really love
this grain games it does get really
difficult it's good hard let's try the
hot real quickly eat very hard so let's
try it oh my gosh I'm not good at it
I'll go to get his app and try yourself
alright so catch a mouse I think it's
free app store go get it now surfin
uploading videos of tomorrow be
uploading videos daily videos will be
coming happens nice day guys peace have
a nice a catch a mouse Hauser have a
nice day peace all of you guys subscribe
rate and comment dad for one through
here setting off by